Docs: Add limit option for series items in legend docs (#122616)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/visualizations/panels-visualizations/configure-legend/index.md

If you set the legend placement to **Right**, the **Width** option becomes available. Leave the field empty to allow Grafana to automatically set the legend width or enter a value in the field.

### Limit

> Limit how many series items are shown by default. The rest become expandable using a Show all link.

Author: ```suggestion
Limit how many series items are shown by default.
When the series count exceeds the limit, click the **Show all** link to see the full list of series.

Legend limits are supported for the following visualizations: time series, bar chart, bar gauge, candlestick, histogram, pie chart, state timeline, status history, trend, and XY chart.
```

If you set the legend placement to **Right**, the **Width** option becomes available. Leave the field empty to allow Grafana to automatically set the legend width or enter a value in the field.

### Limit

Limit how many series items are shown by default.

> When the series count exceeds the limit, click the **Show all** link to see the full list of series.

Reviewer: Not ad litteram **Show all** , right?

<img width="137" height="45" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3febd766-9d3b-4017-81f5-95d13a7ecc1f" />

> When the series count exceeds the limit, click the **Show all** link to see the full list of series.

Author: ```suggestion
When the series count exceeds the limit, click the link to show all items to see the full list of series.
```
